Hey baby, I'm here, I'm here, kiss the baby.
Today, I accompanied Brother Chen to walk the streets for a day
I'm so tired, oops, hurry up and press for my baby.
Brother, I'm a little hungry
I need something to eat.
A super rich and handsome man with the same name as me
To be a simp
What kind of woman like you can't get in
If this is replaced by Lao Tzu, it will definitely not be sweet.
Dear ten-year-old bookworm
Are you willing to experience the villain life?
Ah, what's the situation?
Passed through
I am now I am now the elf prince
Elf Crown Prince Su Yize
I have read the book Huadu Crazy Dragon several times
This young master Su is the biggest villain
Finally, he was killed by the male protagonist Ye Chen
Now I'm actually occupying his body
The plot after that
Isn't it under my control?
Ha ha.
Ah!
Su Shao is so coincidental
Brother Yi
You sign the contract first, let's eat
Sorry.
This investment
I regret it, as long as this contract is signed
So now all boats are rising.
At present, he turned around first and supported Nandi Yechen
This is also the beginning of the tragic death of Young Master Su